let's place a lever on top of this
sticky piston and let's flip the
switch oh that didn't work hello and
welcome back to English from the ground
up my name is Kenzo and in this series I
play Minecraft while speaking
intermediate
English and I'm starting off this video
here at my fishing Hut because I was
doing a little bit of fishing and look
at what I
found I found a bunch of magical fishing
poles 1 2 3 4 five of them in this video
I'm going to build some more netherite
tools I went back to the Nether and
found a bunch more ancient debris that I
turned into netherite ingots and I also
spent some time in my XP farm right
there my XP
farm I got up to 38 XP so I'm going to
start off this video by building some
more netherite tools and enchanting them
so let's get the netherite ingots that
are in this chest so I have a netherite
sword and a netherite pickaxe
so I need a netherite shovel and a
netherite axe and I also need a
netherite hoe so I need two more
diamonds one
two there we go two diamonds I'll use
those two diamonds to build a diamond
hoe there we go so we have the diamond
tools and we have the netherite ingots
but we still need the netherite smithing
templates I think they're up here in
this top chest
yeah four netherite smithing templates
so I'll take three of
them there we go I took three smithing
templates now let's go over to the
smithing table we'll start with the
shovel
shovel netherite
Ingot smithing template all right let's
upgrade this diamond shovel to a
netherite
shovel there we go let's do the same
thing with the axe all right here we go
netherite Axe and the hoe am I really
using my final netherite Ingot on a hoe
instead of
armor I guess so there we
go now I have a full set of netherite
tools now let's enchant all of these
tools but first let's sleep because it's
night time let's go to my bed and sleep
as you can probably tell I turned off
the shaders that I was using in my
previous videos I think I prefer the
original look of
Minecraft so I oh a raid I am holding
this ominous
Banner a raid but there's not a village
close
by oh
oh no those are my villagers why is that
villager outside of the Villager
breeder what uhoh no no no no no
no that Villager has no no no no no
[Music]
no oh this is bad this is really
bad okay there's a raid going
on no
die die oh no I have to defend my
home okay there's one Raider remaining I
think that's it
die
ah that villager needs to go back in the
machine oh there we go pH few well the
bar
refilled but I don't see any
Raiders
well I guess I'll go back to enchanting
my netherite
tools I don't see any Raiders let's
enter the enchanting room and let's pick
up some
lapis okay now let's start enchanting
these tools we'll start with my
pickaxe let's get a level 30
enchantment efficiency 4 and Unbreaking
three now we'll do my
axe efficiency 4 Unbreaking three wait
is that the same efficiency 4 Unbreaking
three efficiency 4 Unbreaking three
these are the same
enchantment okay and we'll enchant my
netherite
shovel level 30 efficiency 4 Unbreaking
three fortune
3 on a shovel I thought that fortune was
for
pickaxes and finally let's enchant the
netherite
hoe level
30 efficiency 4 silk touch and
Unbreaking three efficiency 4 Unbreaking
[Music]
3 all of these enchantments I just got
had efficiency 4 and Unbreaking three
all right and now we're down to 27
XP in the future if I want to upgrade
the enchantments on these netherite
tools I can add more enchantments using
enchanted
books but I'll do that in the future it
still says there's a
raid but it doesn't look like it oh it
disappeared okay no more raid now the
next thing the raid bar came up
again oh there they
are there they
are do you see the
Raiders okay let's get out my
bow and let's start
shooting
fire I missed I missed again
oh wow I can't shoot far enough I need
to get
closer come
on there we go shoot shoot shoot got
him okay I'm going to go back home back
to my home and go to
sleep and I'll fight the rest of these
Raiders in the morning all right let's
go to sleep
oh there's a skeleton burning all right
where are they
oh I see one of those huge
creatures all right let's get out my bow
they're hiding behind my bamboo they're
trying to attack my
villagers they're trying to attack my
villagers uh-oh a witch die die
witch uh-oh
no no in the enchanting
room I'm hiding in my enchanting room oh
nope I closed the door let's get out my
netherite
sword and let's
attack attack attack attack
attack die die die
die block ah
die die
okay two left oh there's
one let's shoot him fire fire
okay one remaining they're trying to
attack my
villagers
uh-oh is there only one villager up
there it looks like it
one of my villagers up there
died so now I'm going to have to take
one of these villagers up
there I should build a wall around this
machine to protect the villagers where's
the last
Raider there's only one left okay well
once again I can't find the last Raider
so I'm going to go back home jump
jump
whoa all right we're back home I have an
idea on how I could
improve this rail station watch this I'm
going to press this button press
watch the mine
cart it's going
down and now it'll start going up and
it's going to turn yep and here it
comes this mine cart goes all the way
around in a circle so what I want to do
is connect this
rail to this side right here that way
the minecart could go in circles
infinitely mhm so I'm going to have the
railway go
through this I'm going to destroy these
there we
go let's destroy these I'm going to
break this
wall uhoh that didn't
work okay let's pick up a bucket
a
bucket and let's go to
sleep sleep time
okay all right I scooped up the water in
my
bucket let's power these
rails and let's power these rails and
let's connect them take the mine
cart and let's push it all right let's
see if it goes in a
circle
yep all right so now I've created a
railway that's always
running but now the water
elevator that takes me down to the XP
farm doesn't work so how can I fix the
water elevator but also have this
Railway I'm going to build a sticky
piston let's pick up a piston piston
let's build two I'll pick up two
pistons and now I need two slime
balls um I have
five all right I have two slime balls
and two Pistons now and I think you can
combine them to build a sticky piston
Pon
um yeah there we go sticky
piston now I have two sticky
pistons I'm actually going to destroy
all of this all of this
break
uhoh oh
no I forgot about my map
wall well I'll destroy it d destroy now
it's all open I'm going to place the
sticky piston right here now let's take
a
lever I thought I heard a
skeleton okay let's place a lever on top
of this sticky piston and let's flip the
switch oh that didn't work
H so the sticky piston is connected to
this wood block and when I flip the
switch it
pushes the wood block and when I flip it
again it pulls the wood block
but it looks like it doesn't work if
there's a rail on top
yeah it breaks the rail okay let's
replace this and let's Place Another
rail I'm going to fill in this floor
here and I'm going back to sleep I have
another idea one two 3
okay let's place a bucket of water up
here in this hole
okay yeah I'm going to go get three more
buckets of water there we
go water more water all right one more
let's get the last bucket of water and
here we
go
cool all right and now we're down here
at the spider
spawner okay oh let's pick up my mine
cart and now I'm going to turn these
into super fast water
elevators I'm going to need some soul
sand blocks and some magma blocks let's
go back up
up we're going really
slowly we're going back up really
[Music]
slowly
Dodge and we're finally at the
top okay I'm going to take my mine
cart all right
push now this mine cart will be going in
circles
forever do I have magma blocks
no
no okay I don't have any magma blocks do
I have Soul Sand I do I'll take two Soul
Sands I'm going to put away all of these
Maps I need to go find some magma blocks
and I also need to find some kelp so
let's go get on my
boat
H I'm looking for kelp that's growing
underwater
but I don't see any let's go to the
ocean the ocean is this
way it's the ocean okay I can see a ton
of kelp growing down
there look at all of that
kelp I'll place my boat wow so much
kelp all right let's get out of my
boat and let's collect some of this kelp
break break
break break break all right let's go up
here and let's pick up all of the
kelp lots of kelp a little bit more
there we go okay I think I picked up all
the
kelp now oh there we go now I've picked
up all the kelp okay the sun's going
down but I think I know where some magma
blocks are so even though it's night
time I'm going to collect those magma
blocks hey look there's my mine
cart it looked like it was
floating there it is my mine
cart all right let's go find those magma
blocks I think there was a broken nether
portal this way and we're we're back to
the Jungle here I think we're getting
close oh there it is there it is all
right here we are
whoa this pickaxe mines really
fast magma block magma block all right
let's get out of
here die
zombie
die back in my boat and let's go back
home
oh there are lots of skeletons here turn
let's go fast
ah I dodged all of the
arrows all right and we're back home
back home and let's go to
sleep sleep it's
morning let's
finish this rail
station I'm going to go back down to the
spider spawner fall
Splash there we go I broke all of the
blocks in the
corners now I'll place a soul sand block
here and a soul sand block here and I'll
place a magma block here and a magma
block here and finally I'll Place kelp
like this
oh it's not working okay
ow how does this
work
oh oh
uhoh this isn't working good no I'll
break the
kelp oh it was going up until it stopped
let's go back up
because this is messed
up I'm going back up I'm going to take
my bucket and I'm going to scoop up that
water that was messed up at the bottom I
don't know what to do about
this I'll cover these up as
well
H okay I picked up three more mine carts
I'm going to push them along the
rail one's about to pass that one passed
now let's launch this
one and I'll
wait and let's launch this
one now there are four mine carts going
around the track
let's hop
on I'm riding the rail let's hop off
here at the barn
jump I'm here at the
barn now let's get back
on oh I missed it okay let's wait for
this
one all right it works
well I'll need to think about how I can
fix the water elevator right here while
also having this rail be connected maybe
in the next video I'll have this area
totally finished but for right now I'm
going to end this video right here if
you liked this video you could leave me
a like or hit the Subscribe button and
if you want to help support this channel
you could make a donation on my coffee
page I'll leave a link Link in the
description below and a big thank you to
this Anonymous user for being the first
supporter on my coffee page thank you to
everyone for watching and I will see you
in the next video see
you day dream t space it's my escape
room such a r